man goes to doctor says he is depressed
says he feels all alone in a threatening world
where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain
treatment is simple doctor says
the great clown paliacci is in town tonight
go and see him that would pick you up
but doctor he says i am paliacci
good joke everybody laugh roll on slam drum
curtain
nomatterhowhardyoutrytosavetheworld
youwillfailbecause the world is not for you to save
some times you got your heart scrambleed into pieces
just because you dont understant the reason
just be better to those you love
the count on you the like you
the want you to help out
but it is perhaps not what you got in your mind
you resist refuse or even refute them
it is you who hurt others most
and day after day you will find everybody hate you
fear of you or even lie to you
the day that people say
the switch between ready tasks and awaiting tasks
is quite significant how to run this
you can download the source file here
for ucos system
the core of the operating system is the ciritical part of our system runtime
first the operating system will enter critical condition
when it cannot be interrupted during protection
the goes the scheduling program
you will find it interesting

The 1951 USAF resolution test target, a classic test target used to determine
spatial resolution of imaging sensors and imaging systems.
The image spatial resolution is ¯rstly limited by the imaging sensors
or the imaging acquisition device. Modern image sensor is typically a
charge-coupled deveice (CCD) or a complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor
(CMOS) active-pixel sensor. These sensors are typically arranged in a two-
dimensional array to capture two-dimensional image signals. The sensor size
or equivalently the number of sensor elements per unit area in the ¯rst place
determines the spatial resolution of the image to capture. The higher density
of the sensors, the higher spatial resolution possible of the imaging system. An
imaging system with inadequate detectors will generate low resolution images
with blocky e®ects, due to the aliasing from low spatial sampling frequency.
In order to increase the spatial resolution of an imaging system, one straight
forward way is to increase the sensor density by reducing the sensor size.
However, as the sensor size decreases, the amount of light incident on each
sensor also decreases, causing the so called shot noise. Also, the hardware cost
of sensor increases with the increase of sensor density or correspondingly im-
Image super-resolution: Historical overview and future challenges 5
age pixel density. Therefore, the hardware limitation on the size of the sensor
restricts the spatial resolution of an image that can be captured.
While the image sensors limit the spatial resolution of the image, the image
details (high frequency bands) are also limited by the optics, due to lens
blurs (associated with the sensor point spread function (PSF)), lens aberration
e®ects, aperture di®ractions and optical blurring due to motion. Constructing
imaging chips and optical components to capture very high-resolution images
is prohibitively expensive and not practical in most real applications, e.g.,
widely used surveillance cameras and cell phone built-in cameras. Besides the
cost, the resolution of a surveillance camera is also limited in the camera speed
and hardware storage. In some other scenarios such as satellite imagery, it is
di±cult to use high resolution sensors due to physical constraints. Another way
to address this problem is to accept the image degradations and use signal
processing to post process the captured images, to trade o® computational cost
with the hardware cost. These techniques are speci¯cally referred as Super-
Resolution (SR) reconstruction.
Super-resolution (SR) are techniques that construct high-resolution (HR)
images from several observed low-resolution (LR) images, thereby increasing
the high frequency components and removing the degradations caused by the
imaging process of the low resolution camera. The basic idea behind SR is to
combine the non-redundant information contained in multiple low-resolution
frames to generate a high-resolution image. A closely related technique with
SR is the single image interpolation approach, which can be also used to
increase the image size. However, since there is no additional information pro-
vided, the quality of the single image interpolation is very much limited due to
the ill-posed nature of the problem, and the lost frequency components cannot
be recovered. In the SR setting, however, multiple lowresolution observations
are available for reconstruction, making the problem better constrained. The
non-redundant information contained in the these LR images is typically intro-
duced by subpixel shifts between them. These subpixel shifts may occur due to
uncontrolled motions between the imaging system and scene, e.g., movements
of objects, or due to controlled motions, e.g., the satellite imaging system
orbits the earth with prede¯ned speed and path.
Each low-resolution frame is a decimated, aliased observation of the true
scene. SR is possible only if there exists subpixel motions between these low
resolution frames1, and thus the ill-posed upsampling problem can be better
conditioned. Fig. 1.2 shows a simpli¯ed diagram describing the basic idea
of SR reconstruction. In the imaging process, the camera captures several
LR frames, which are downsampled from the HR scene with subpixel shifts
between each other. SR construction reverses this process by aligning the LR
observations to subpixel accuracy


